Information we collect automatically through technology when you use the Services
        
        
        
            
                When you use our Services, we may automatically collect certain information. We use a variety of third-party technologies, including cookies and similar tools, to assist in collecting this information. Please refer to our Cookies Notice and “Online Analytics and Advertising” section below for further information.
Some of the information we automatically collect when you use our Services includes:
Information about your access to and use of Bose websites and emails, such as your IP address, browser language, the state or country from which you accessed the Services, software and hardware attributes (including device IDs, operating system, and browser type), referring and exit URLs, the links you click and files you download, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the terms you use in searches on our websites, the date and time you accessed our websites or opened our emails, and other similar information.
Information about your use of Bose products, mobile applications, and other software, including:
Information about your Bose product or software, such as your product’s serial number, operating system version, MAC address, software version, battery life, error logs, system updates, and the name you assigned to your product.
Information about the devices and network you connect to your Bose product or software, such as your Internet connection type and service provider, IP address, SSID, wireless connection quality/signal strength, error logs, unique identifiers associated with the computer, tablet, or mobile device used with your Bose product or software, and its device operating system and browser type.
Information about the services and content you access via your Bose product or software, such as media, external sources, and third-party services you connect to your Bose product or software, user IDs service tokens that allow you to access and sync to your third-party accounts, and content accessed via your product or software (e.g., sleep tracks, stations, playlists, artists, albums, songs, or podcasts).
Usage and interaction information, such as date and time spent using different features of your product or software, sensor data (e.g., head orientation and movement), fit information of your wearable product, button presses, volume levels, system presets, and environmental data (e.g., noise levels and audio frequencies of sounds around you).
Location information. In addition to general location information (e.g., city/state) which may be collected or derived from your IP address, some of our mobile applications will request your precise location information via GPS-based functionality to allow certain features to work (e.g. enabling you to locate a lost or stolen product, providing access to local radio stations). We will always ask your permission in accordance with your mobile device settings before we collect or use precise location information, and in accordance with any applicable legal requirements to the extent precise geolocation information is considered “sensitive” information under applicable law.
Information we collect at retail locations, such as information about your mobile device or network when you choose to connect your device to Bose digital displays or scan QR codes in retail locations (e.g., device type, operating system, the name you assigned to your device, IP address).