This page was last updated on March 6, 2025.
This Privacy Notice (the "Notice") governs how Citigroup Inc. and our subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, “Citi,” “we,” or “us”) collect, use, and disclose Personal Information (as defined below) from and about users (“you”) of this website. We advise you to read the Notice in its entirety, including the jurisdiction-specific provisions in the appendix to this Notice, which will apply to users in certain jurisdictions.
The type of personal information we collect is classified as Other Information.
"Other Information" is information that does not and cannot reveal an individual's specific identity, such as information that has been de-identified or aggregated.
Citi collects and uses certain Personal Information in order to operate and provide you with access to the Services. This includes Personal Information that we collect automatically when you visit or interact with the Services.
We automatically collect certain information about your use of the Services and about the device you use to access the Services, which may include:
We (and others that control collection of Personal Information) use different technologies to collect this information, including cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, please see "Your Choices" below.
We use the Personal Information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve the Services. We may also use the Personal Information we collect to:
We may disclose your Personal Information for the following purposes or as otherwise described in this Notice:
We may also disclose aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you to help deliver products, services, and content that are tailored to the users of our Services and for other purposes.
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. For additional information on our cookies policy please refer to the Citigroup Websites Cookie Policy.
We respect your right to privacy, and you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. You can disable cookies by clicking on the different category headings that is available in the pop-up cookies banner when you first access the site.
Always Active
Allow our services to operate in a secure and reliable manner and provide basic functionalities. These cookies are essential and are used for website operations, navigation and allowing images to load. Strictly Necessary cookies cannot be disabled, and your internet browser will accept them by default. You can set your browser to delete them after each online session or at any time thereafter.
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make, like what language you prefer and your location. Functional cookies can include first-party, third-party, persistent or session cookies. Like Strictly Necessary cookies, Functionality cookies are used to provide services that you request. These cookies can remember preferences to boost the user experience on a website.
These cookies collect information about how you use the website, like which pages you visit, and which links you clicked on. Their sole purpose is to improve website functions. This includes cookies from third-party analytic services as long as the cookies are for Citi’s exclusive use.
These are also known as “marketing” cookies. These cookies track online activity to help advertisers deliver more relevant advertising or to limit how many times you see an advertisement. These cookies can share that information with other organizations or advertisers. These are persistent cookies and almost always of third-party provenance.
If you have any questions about this Notice, please contact us using the contact information listed below.
If you are contacting us from outside the United States, please refer to the relevant Citi country page or use the contact details in the local privacy notice for your product.
If you are in any European jurisdiction in this subtitle, you have certain specific rights and protections under applicable data protection laws. Please read the following paragraphs, which complement the main provisions.
We process your personal data under the lawful basis of legitimate interest where:
We need to use your personal data for the purposes indicated here How Personal Information is Used AND
We are not under an obligation to process your personal data.
We find such processing is proportionate and within your expectations when providing your personal data. If we intend to use personal data collected under the lawful basis of legitimate interest, such repurposing shall meet two conditions (a) the new purpose will have to be closely aligned with the original purpose for processing and (b) we will inform you of the new purpose and provide you the ability to opt-out, or decline such further processing, within a certain period.
If you are unsatisfied on how we processed your personal data, depending on your country of residence, you may contact the European Union and European Economic Area: Data Protection Commissioner, in Ireland, our Lead Supervisory Authority for cross border operations in the EU/EEA. http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
Switzerland: Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC): https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html
United Kingdom: Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO): ico.org.uk/
Bailiwick of Jersey: Office of the Information Commissioner: https://jerseyoic.org/
 
The Data Controller for Citi Events in Nigeria is Citibank Nigeria Limited (CNL) a commercial bank licensed by the Central Bank of Nigeria, with registered offices at 27 Kofo Abayomi Street, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria. CNL is responsible for the lawful collection, use, processing and disposal of personal data in Nigeria and its lawful transfer across national borders. CNL has ensured that it has appropriate contractual, technical and operational measures in place with its affiliates and parent companies, and any sub-processors of personal data gathered in Nigeria.
You can request or enforce your personal data rights by emailing or writing to the Data Protection Officer at our registered address or by Email to CNL Data Protection Officer at dponigeria@citi.com
CNL relies on various lawful basis as permissible by law for the collection and processing of Personal Data in Nigeria and will rely on your consent for the transfer of personal information, where appropriate. These will be gathered, for example in the Release of Permission to Record images, sounds or videos.
We may rely on other lawful basis for processing, including for compliance with applicable law or in the public interest recognized in a statute, or if it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Your silence will never be assumed to be consent to the processing of your Personal Information.
Citi shall discontinue the processing of your Personal Information upon your request, unless Citi demonstrates a public interest or other legitimate grounds, which overrides your fundamental rights and freedoms and interests.
Without prejudice to the principles set out in the Nigeria Data Protection Act 2023, Citi shall not process your sensitive personal data, unless: 
(a) you have given and not withdrawn consent to the processing for the specific purpose or purposes for which it will be processed;
(b) processing is necessary for the purposes of performing the obligations of Citi or exercising your rights under employment or any other similar laws;
(c) processing is necessary to protect your vital interests or of another person, where the data subject is physically or legally incapable of giving consent;
(d) processing is carried out in the course of its legitimate activities, with appropriate safeguards, by a foundation, association, or such other non-profit organisation with charitable, educational, literary, artistic, philosophical, religious, or trade union purposes, and the —
(i) processing relates solely to the members or former members of the entity, or to persons, who have regular contact with it in connection with its purposes, and
(ii) sensitive personal data is not disclosed outside of the entity without the explicit consent of the data subject;
(e) processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of a legal claim, obtaining legal advice, or conduct of a legal proceeding;
(f) processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest, since a law, which shall be proportionate to the aim pursued, and provides for suitable and specific measures to safeguard the fundamental rights, freedoms and interests of the data subject;
(g) processing is carried out for purposes of medical care or community welfare, and undertaken by or under the responsibility of a professional or similar service provider owing a duty of confidentiality;
(h) processing is necessary for reasons of public health and provides for suitable and specific measures to safeguard the fundamental rights, freedoms and interests of the data subject; or
(i) processing is necessary for archiving purposes in the public interest, or historical, statistical, or scientific research, in each case since a law, which shall be proportionate to the aim pursued, and provides for suitable and specific measures to safeguard the fundamental rights and freedoms and the interests of the data subject.
The safety, security and integrity of your personal information are paramount to banking operations. We will promptly notify the Nigeria Data Protection Commissioner and in any case within 72 upon becoming aware of any accidental or intentional damage, alteration, destruction, unauthorized disclosure, loss, misuse, inability to access, extraction or theft of personal information that is stored or processed by Citi, where there is a risk to your rights or freedoms. If the risks are significant, we will also communicate directly with you, providing details of the data exposed to risk, with advice and measures we take to mitigate any adverse effects.
 
In the event that the protection of your Personal Information is compromised or interfered with, you may lodge a complaint with the Nigeria Data Protection Commission No.12 Clement Isong Street, Asokoro, Abuja or info@ndpc.gov.ng.
 
Through Citi’s Data Protection Officer at Citibank Nigeria Limited, 27, Kofo Abayomi Street, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria or dponigeria@citi.com or,
Through your relationship manager or customer services at https://www.citigroup.com/global/privacy/contact-us. 
| Categories of Personal Information | Sources | Purposes of Processing such Personal Information | Recipients of Personal Information | 
|---|---|---|---|
| Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement. | From You | 
 | Sold We have not sold this information to third parties for monetary consideration. Shared We may have shared this information with third party cookie and tracker providers for targeted advertising purposes. See the Advertising and Analytics section in the Privacy Notice for more details. Service Providers We have disclosed this information to our affiliates and to other parties that provide services to us or act on our behalf in connection with the operation of our business. See the How Personal Information is Disclosed section in the Privacy Notice for more details. | 
| Geolocation data. | From your usage of the site | 
 | Sold We have not sold this information to third parties. Shared We have not shared this information with third parties for targeted advertising purposes. Service Providers We have disclosed this information to our affiliates and to other parties that provide services to us or act on our behalf in connection with the operation of our business. See the How Personal Information is Disclosed section in the Privacy Notice for more details. |