Privacy at Experian
Experian is committed to providing consumers with the notice, choice, and education about the use of their personal information in today’s world.
Our five Global Data Principles embody these key values (see below). They guide how we manage and use data, build products and conduct our business around the world. These principles apply to all our data, in all our businesses, and in every country. We developed the principles to better reflect our commitments to individuals, businesses, clients, and the public, which have advanced as market demands and expectations have evolved.
Data security is critical. Securing and protecting data against unauthorised access, use, disclosure, and loss are key priorities for us.
We will make data as accurate, complete, and relevant as possible for the manner in which it is used, always in compliance with legal requirements.
We collect and use data fairly and for legitimate purposes, balancing privacy expectations with the social and economic benefits derived from the responsible use of data for individuals, businesses and clients.
We are open and transparent about the types of data we collect, where we get it, how it is used and where it is shared. Where appropriate we provide individuals with access to the data we collect about them and the ability to correct, restrict or delete data.
We seek to improve financial health and inclusion for all through the innovative use of relevant data to help individuals improve their financial lives.
Experian® considers itself a steward of the information it collects, maintains and utilizes. Our responsibility is to ensure the security of the information in our care and to maintain the privacy of consumers through appropriate, responsible use.
 
 We provide services based on information about millions of individuals and businesses. Use of that data is guided by our Global Data Principles. Our Global Data Principles embody our key values and are used as a framework to guide how we manage and use data, build products and conduct our business around the world.
Data policies, built on our principles, more specifically define how that information may be used. The policies vary to meet the legal requirements and consumer expectations in the area in which the information product or service is being used.
 
 Underlying these policies is Experian's commitment to provide consumers notice, choice and education about the use of personal information. Educated consumers are better equipped to be effective, successful participants in a world that increasingly relies on the exchange of information to efficiently deliver the products and services consumers demand.
 
 Today, our business clients' needs, and consumers' expectations are constantly changing, and technology is constantly evolving. Our approach to privacy, rooted in the Global Data Principles, enables Experian to respond to those constantly changing needs and expectations and provides the flexibility to implement new processes and policies to resolve information issues in this dynamic environment.
Residents of specific states have certain rights with respect to personal information collected and processed under state privacy laws. You may exercise the following rights, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
In order to exercise your rights through our online privacy portal, please click the link below:
To learn more about your rights stated above, please see our U.S. Consumer Data Privacy Policy
 
 Please note that you may have additional rights under state and federal laws separate from your rights under the U.S. Consumer Data Privacy Policy. Those laws include the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act, the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act, and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act. The protections provided by those laws are separate from your rights under the U.S. Consumer Data Privacy Policy and may apply in place of some of the rights under the U.S. Consumer Data Privacy Policy.
You may learn about your rights relating to your Experian credit data here. To obtain a copy of your Experian credit report, please go to https://www.annualcreditreport.com/index.action
NOTE: This section is not designed for inquiries related to an individual's credit report.
If you would like to order a copy of your personal credit report or your credit score or for fraud assistance, we offer the following fast and efficient service options:
Online: Go to Personal Services and select any of our options for ordering your personal credit report.
 By Phone: Contact Experian's National Consumer Assistance Center at 1 888 EXPERIAN (1 888 397 3742).
If you already have an Experian credit report you can dispute your information online. Or, contact us at the phone number on your report. We cannot accept disputes via email.
For questions about your credit monitoring membership, please visit our contact us page.
If you have any questions about Experian's approach to privacy or any of its specific privacy policies, please write to us at:
Chief Privacy Officer
 Compliance Department
 Experian
 475 Anton Blvd.
 Costa Mesa, CA 92626
Applying individualized collection strategies will help your organization meet regulatory requirements that call for fair consumer treatments.
The below information applies to consumers in the United States of America. If you are a consumer in the United Kingdom, please visit Experian’s UK Consumer Information portal.
If you are a consumer from the United States of America and are looking to take actions related to your credit data such as, receive your credit report, place your credit on hold, etc. please visit experian.com/consumer.
You can choose to opt-out of the sale of your personal information and data, opt out of processing your data for targeted advertising, and limit the use of your sensitive information. This is not related to your credit report, and will not affect your credit score.
To request opt-out, deletion, a copy of, or to correct your data please visit our privacy portal.
If you prefer to submit your request via phone you may contact Experian at: 833-210-4615
If you prefer to submit a written request, please mail your request to the following address:
Experian
 PO Box 703
 Allen, TX 75013
Experian provides a number of information products and services to both businesses and consumers online. Because the collection and use of personally identifiable information may vary among the products and services available on Experian's Web sites, at any point where personally identifiable information is collected, Experian provides notices that explain:
What information is being collected
 How the information may be used
 What choices you have regarding the collection and use of the information
 The notices are clearly posted, either at the point of collection or through an easily identifiable link at the point of collection.
Privacy Notice Details
 Experian may periodically change its privacy notices as new products and services are offered or as its existing products and services evolve to meet customer needs. Privacy notices are typically dated to reflect the most recent update.