Last updated April 06, 2026*
Welcome to New Relic! New Relic's full-stack data analysis platform enables businesses to have a clearer view of what’s happening in their software.
Want to learn how New Relic processes data when you use or interact with our Services? See our Services Data Privacy Notice.
For California Residents, please see our California Privacy Notice.
Interested in applying for a job at New Relic? See our Applicant Privacy Policy to understand how New Relic uses the information you provide when you apply.
For California Residents, please see our California Applicant Privacy Notice.
For information on using our website(s), please see our Website Terms of Use.
This New Relic General Data Privacy Notice (“General Privacy Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, share and use Personal Data about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. We are committed to protecting your information and being transparent about the information we collect about you and how we use it.
We recommend that you read this General Privacy Notice in full to ensure you are informed. If you have any questions about this General Privacy Notice please see Section 17 (How to Contact Us). If there’s a particular section you’re interested in reviewing, click on a link below to jump to that spot.
“Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, including, for example, your name, phone number, post code or zip code, Device ID, IP address and email address.  Further information about the Personal Data that we collect, where we collect it from, and how we use it is set out below.
“Sites” means the websites that display or link to this General Privacy Notice, such as www.newrelic.com,  status.newrelic.com,  learn.newrelic.com,  support.newrelic.com,  www.newrelic.jp,  www.newrelic.de, relibirds.newrelic-es.com and any related New Relic website operated by New Relic.
Undefined terms used in this General Privacy Notice have the same definition as in our Terms of Service.
New Relic, Inc. makes monitoring services and tools available via several platforms, including pixielabs.ai, newrelic.com, and codestream.com. When you create an account with us via one of our platforms, your information is controlled by New Relic, Inc. New Relic’s customers are businesses- not individuals or consumers.
New Relic, Inc. is a Delaware corporation headquartered at 188 Spear Street, Suite 1200, San Francisco, CA 94105. New Relic, Inc. has offices, subsidiaries and affiliated companies all around the world (collectively “New Relic”, “we”, “us”, “our”, and “ours”).
For more information about New Relic, please see the “About Us” section of our Sites. 3. The Information We Collect About You
New Relic collects Personal Data about you both offline and online. Offline information about you originates from our interactions with you, for example, during in-person meetings or at New Relic events, conferences, or workshops. Online information originates from your activities on our Sites and third party sources.
The Personal Data we may collect includes information such as your name, mailing or billing address, credit card information, username, GitHub ID, email address, company name, IP or MAC address.  We collect this information so we know who you are for various reasons, including to communicate with you, bill you correctly, and to enable you to log-in to and use New Relic Sites and New Relic Separate Platforms.  
For more information on the types of Personal Data we collect and how we may receive it, click on “Read more”.
Read more
We may collect offline or online data, such as contact and financial information, from you directly, automatically, or from third parties, such as data aggregators, that may not have a relationship with you.
a. Personal Data Categories
| Personal Data category | Examples of Personal Data included | 
| Contact information | Your name, job title, company name, mailing address, phone number, email address, username, password. If you provide a mobile phone number, we may use it to send text messages (SMS) as described below. Please note that if you are participating in a New Relic online game, e.g., Relibirds, or in any online forum, e.g., New Relic Explorers Hub, you will be prompted to enter a unique username or alias. As this will be publicly visible, New Relic recommends using an alias here instead of your own name/surname. | 
| Financial & billing information | Your billing name and address, credit card number, bank account information | 
| Event visitor information | Your name, title, company name, mailing address, country, phone number, email address | 
| Community profile information | Username, photo and/or biographical information, such as your occupation, social media profiles, profile on Stack Overflow, Github ID, company name, areas of expertise, custom profiles | 
| Office visitor information | Your name, email address, phone number, photograph, company name, time and date of arrival | 
| Pictures, videos, & audio recordings | Images of you captured during a New Relic event or promotion in photos or videos and/or recordings of you generated during a research or a promotional session or event, or a sales or service related call with your consent. In some instances, and with your consent, we may utilize a third-party AI powered transcription service. The call or session may be monitored, recorded and/ or shared with the third party. You may withdraw your consent to the transcription at any time, and request that your meeting host cease the transcription functionality | 
| Device & geographic information | IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), user ID, and other technical information Information about how your device has interacted with our Sites, including the pages accessed and links clicked | 
b. Personal Data we collect directly from you includes contact, financial and billing, event visitor, community profile, and office visitor information, as well as pictures, videos and audio recordings, and data we collect automatically, which includes device and geographic information.
| Personal Data category | Examples of how it may be collected by New Relic directly | Collected automatically | 
| Contact information | If you 
 | No | 
| Financial & billing information | If you 
 | No | 
| Event visitor information | If you 
 | No | 
| Community profile information | We may collect this data in a variety of contexts. If you 
 | No | 
| Web and email traffic information | If you 
 Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology. | Yes | 
If you provide to us or to our service providers any Personal Data relating to other individuals or third parties (such as your beneficiaries, references for job candidates, or referrals for the purposes of collaboration within the New Relic platform), you represent that you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the Personal Data in accordance with this General Privacy Notice. If you would like to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please see Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights).
If you are that beneficiary or any other third party whose Personal Data was provided to New Relic on your behalf and with your consent, and you would like to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please see Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights).
c. We may collect the following types of Personal Data about you from third parties that supply us with Personal Data in order to help us establish an account, target our marketing, or fulfill orders in partnership with our resellers.
Our third party company relationships help us to update, expand, and analyze our Personal Data records, identify new customers, optimize our Sites and Services, create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you, and manage open source projects.
Personal Data that we collect from third party sources include:
| Example Categories of Personal Data | Third party source | 
| 
 | 
 | 
| Details about a potential customers’ software environment | Resellers, referral and joint marketing partners, distributors, managed service providers, IAAS or PAAS partners, cloud providers, and other technical alliances | 
| User account information | Vendors | 
| User account information | Code repository platforms, such as GitHub | 
| Contact information | Companies that host an event or sponsor an event | 
We have checked that these third parties have an appropriate legal basis to provide us this Personal Data, such as your consent, a legitimate business interest, or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your Personal Data.
In general, Personal Data we collect from you or about you from third parties is used for business and commercial purposes, for example to provide and maintain our Sites, Services, and New Relic Separate Platforms. Additionally, collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Sites, where they come from, and what content on our Sites is of interest to them.
Read more
New Relic uses your Personal Data for the following purposes:
a. to create & maintain a trusted environment for our Services and Sites, including in order to
- manage the security of our Sites, physical locations, networks, and systems
- operate, administer, analyze, develop, improve and optimize the use, function and performance of our Sites, Services, New Relic Separate Platforms and systems
- comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our business
- to manage code check-ins and pull requests for open source and community development projects
b. to provide our Services and perform our contract with you as our customer including to
- engage in transactions with customers, suppliers and business partners and to process orders for New Relic Services
- to provide New Relic Services, New Relic Separate Platforms, survey tools, payment processing services, or the certificate creation tool for New Relic University
c. to communicate and respond to your requests and inquiries to New Relic, including to
- conduct research you agree to participate in or reach out to you to discuss any feedback you may submit, through meetings, surveys, or other tools
- respond to your queries and provide you with information and promotional material on New Relic when you initiate a webchat, send you service-related text messages (SMS) (e.g., support updates)
d. to market our Services or related products and services to new and existing customers, including
- tailoring our marketing and sales activities to your company’s interests and in accordance with your communication preferences and your requests for information and to be contacted by New Relic
- tailoring the purchase of Services
- for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, including marketing emails and event promotion
- to link or combine information about you with other Personal Data we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better and more personalized service
- dependent on your cookie preferences, we may collect specific information about visitors to our website who elect to submit their details to us via an electronic form. This is to assist us in personalizing some of the fields for future reference so that you will not be required to submit these details again when you revisit our website and choose to submit your details and/or fill in another form
- by creating anonymous data records from Personal Data in accordance with applicable law
- promotional text messages (SMS) about our products, services, events, or offers (where permitted)
Except as provided in this General Privacy Notice, we do not, and will not, sell Personal Data.
Generally, we may disclose your Personal Data for our business purposes, such as to our service providers, partners or competent law enforcement bodies.
Read More
New Relic may disclose your Personal Data to
a. Third party service providers. We engage with third parties to support our business and operations. For example some third party service providers offer services that we use to provide the Services, Sites, and New Relic Separate Platforms, such as cloud providers. New Relic remains liable for any onward transfers to third parties.
b. Event sponsors and hosts. If you elect to do so, we may share Personal Data collected at New Relic events, such as FutureStack or New Relic’s seminars, with sponsors and hosts of such events, for valuable consideration from such sponsor or host to New Relic. Such sponsor or host may use it for their business or commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy notices.
c. Business partners. We contract with business partners, such as third party resellers, for our commercial purposes. For instance, if you fill out a form on our Sites, such as by signing up for a free New Relic account, ebook or webinar, or if you reach out to our Sales team, you may be contacted by a designated New Relic partner.
d. Comply with our legal obligations. Where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person, we may disclose your Personal Data in response to lawful requests by a public authority, including any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
e. New Relic entities. We may share your Personal Data within New Relic, such as with or between subsidiaries of New Relic, Inc. We and our subsidiaries will only use the information as described in this notice.
f. Actual or potential buyers. In connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer (and its agents and advisors) it must use your Personal Data only for the purposes disclosed in this General Privacy Notice.
g. Other person(s). Where you provide consent to the disclosure or as allowed by applicable data protection law, we may share your information as described at the time of consent.
When we use your Personal Data, we take care to ensure that it is used in an appropriate way. Our use of Personal Data is done under one of various legal bases, including for our legitimate interest, in performance of a contract or with your consent.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Data, please see Section 17 (How to Contact Us).
Read More
We will process your Personal Data and share that Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice where:
- Its use is necessary for a contract you have entered into or because you have asked for something to be done so you can enter into a contract with us
- Its use is necessary because of a legal obligation that applies to us (except an obligation imposed by a contract). This may include responding to subpoenas, warrants or other requests served on New Relic anywhere in the world or to protect or defend the rights or property of New Relic or its users
- You have consented to its use in a specific way. For example where you have consented to receiving marketing materials. You may withdraw your consent at any time as further described in Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights)
- Its use is in accordance with our legitimate interests e.g. to manage our business, subject to those interests not overriding your fundamental rights and freedoms. This may include the activities and purposes described in Section 4 (How We Use Your Personal Data) and Section 5 (How We Share Your Personal Data).
We retain Personal Data we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). This may also include situations where litigation is pending or ongoing and such information is subject to a legal hold.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it at any time in the manner indicated when you consent.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the retention of your Personal Data, please see Section 17 (How to Contact Us).
8. International Data TransfersWhen you use our Services or Sites, your Personal Data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries where we or our service providers operate. These may be countries other than the country in which you are located. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country.
Read more
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom (UK) your Personal Data will be accessed by New Relic staff or suppliers, transferred, and/or stored outside the EEA, Switzerland and/or the UK.
We take appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected in accordance with this General Data Privacy Notice and as required by applicable data protection law, including: (i) requiring that our third-party service providers and partners employ an adequate method of transfer, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (further details of which can be provided upon request). Additionally, New Relic (including its covered entity Codestream) complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. New Relic (including its covered entity Codestream) has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. New Relic has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. New Relic is subject to the investigation and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/. In compliance with the EU- U.S. DPF (and the UK Extension to the EU- U.S. DPF) and the Swiss- U.S. DPF, New Relic commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. Individuals from the EU, Switzerland and the UK with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact New Relic as set out at Section 9 (c) of this Privacy Notice:
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, New Relic commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution. for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Additionally, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Arbitration Panel under certain circumstances. To find out more about the Data Privacy Framework’s binding arbitration scheme, see https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction.
New Relic takes reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and up to date. We offer certain data protection options to all individuals, including the ability to opt out of receiving marketing communications, to amend your Personal Data contained in your account, and to request we delete your account information.
For more information on the rights and options you have, including jurisdiction-specific rights, please click Read More.
Read More
a. When it comes to your marketing choices, we offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data. We will periodically send you newsletters, text messages (SMS) and emails that directly promote the use of our Sites or the purchase of our Services (marketing and/or sales communications) as the following applies : (i) in accordance with your marketing preferences, (ii) if you sign up for a New Relic account or other content, (iii) request to be contacted by New Relic and/or if you request information from New Relic.
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time by clicking (1) the 'unsubscribe' or ‘opt out’ link at the bottom of the marketing emails you receive, (2) adjusting your email preferences provided here, or (3) by sending an email to Privacy@newrelic.com. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. Your email preferences only affect marketing communications. You will not be able to opt out of service related emails from us, such as, e.g., transactional emails, emails in connection with New Relic’s digital onboarding process, or notices of updates to our Terms of Service, Services Privacy Notice, or this General Privacy Notice.
Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we will retain a record of your preference (including retaining your email address) and we may share your email address with third parties solely for the purpose of ensuring that you do not receive further marketing communications related to our Services from third parties.
You can opt out of promotional text messages (SMS) at any time by following the instructions in the message. Message and data rates may apply. If you opt out of promotional texts, we may still send service/transactional messages (e.g., security or support-related messages) where permitted.
b. We apply certain data protection rights to all individuals (including individuals covered by the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF), regardless of location. Specifically, you may correct or update Personal Data contained in your account by editing your profile within the registration portion of our Sites or sending an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. You may also request we delete your account information by completing this form, if you have an account, or by sending an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. If you would like to remove your Personal Data from a Site testimonial or our blog you can send an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. If you have participated in an online game, e.g. Relibirds or in any online New Relic forum, e.g. New Relic Explorers hub and would like to have your Personal Data deleted, please send an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com and specify which game and/or forum you participated in; this will enable us to identify your Personal Data and fulfill your request. Please note that if you engage in messaging other users of a public forum, another user may request deletion of the message(s) which means that they will no longer be available for any user to view.
When you reach out to us, we will endeavor to respond without delay in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may need to ask you additional clarifying questions in order to accurately respond to your request and to verify you are making the request in respect of your own Personal Data.
With respect to deletion requests, we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep Personal Data and not remove it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). We will let you know if we are unable to comply with this request and the reasons why.
c. EEA & the United Kingdom
In addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above, persons located in the EEA or the United Kingdom have some additional data protection rights under EEA and UK data protection laws.
These rights include the right to find out if we use your Personal Data, or to access your Personal Data.
Also, you can object to the processing of Personal Data we process on the basis of our legitimate business interests, ask us to restrict processing, or request portability of your Personal Data.
Where we have collected and processed your Personal Data on the basis of consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You should note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to the withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Data where we relied on lawful bases other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
If you are an EEA or UK individual (including any individual covered by the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF) and have a New Relic account, you can exercise your access right by completing this form. If you do not have a New Relic account, and want to exercise your access right or any of the other rights outlined in this Section and would like to make any of these requests, please submit your request to Privacy@newrelic.com.
For information on cookies and other tracking technologies used by New Relic, please see our Cookie Policy. Please note that the Cookie Policy applies to EEA and UK individuals only.
d. Privacy Rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
New Relic provides services to businesses and complies with the applicable provisions of the CCPA. If you are a California resident, please see our California Privacy Notice.
e. Australia Supplemental Data Protection Law Disclosures. New Relic will process Personal Data under this General Data Privacy Notice in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are an Australian resident and you are dissatisfied with our handling of a data subject right request or a complaint, you can always contact us at Privacy@newrelic.com. If you disagree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“OAIC”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on their website http://www.oaic.gov.au.
New Relic does not currently commit to responding to browser’s “do not track” or “DNT” preference across its Sites and Services, because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, including no consistent standard of interpreting user intent. New Relic takes privacy and choices regarding privacy seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor the development around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard for DNT. Global Privacy Control is a browser setting that allows you to notify websites you visit about your privacy preferences. New Relic honors website visitors’ Global Privacy Control signals.
11. AdvertisingWe may partner with third party ad networks either to display advertising on our Sites or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner may use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our Sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks and about your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative, here, and the Digital Advertising Alliance, here. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising click here (or, if located in the EU, click here).
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.
12. Third Party Websites and Social Media WidgetsThis General Privacy Notice applies to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect as described herein.
Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. When you click on such a link, you will leave our site and go to another site. During this process, a third party may collect Personal Data from you.
We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this General Privacy Notice do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on a link to a third party. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
Our Sites may also include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the “Share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites. Your interactions with these features are also governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
13. AI ChatbotNew Relic offers a third-party AI chatbot feature on our Site to enable us and our visitors conduct a live chat and/or so New Relic can provide the visitor with information upon request. We use cookies and your IP address to provide the service and to collect information about visitors' behavior on our Site. A chat session may be monitored, recorded or shared with the third party.
14. Security of Your Personal DataNew Relic is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For instance, when you enter your credit card number on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). All account accesses require users to provide their username and password. It is the responsibility of each user to maintain this information in a secure manner. Despite these measures, you should know that New Relic cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data and mistakes and security breaches may happen. If you have any questions about security on our Sites, you can contact us as described in Section 17 (How to Contact Us).
15. ChildrenOur Sites are not directed to children and we do not intentionally gather Personal Data about visitors who are under the age of 18. If you learn that anyone younger than 18 has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us as described in Section 17 (How to Contact Us), and we will take steps to delete such information.
16. Changes to this Privacy NoticeThis General Privacy Notice may be changed from time to time, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. You can see when this General Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this General Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Notice. It describes the categories of personal information that we have collected, disclosed for a business or commercial purpose and sold over the preceding twelve (12) months.
17. How to Contact UsNew Relic has a Data Protection Officer and has nominated both local and global Data Protection Officers. If you have questions about how your Personal Data is collected, stored, shared or used, or if you wish to exercise any of your data rights, or if you have a disability and need to access this notice in an alternative format, please contact our Data Protection Officers at:
By email: privacy@newrelic.com
By mail: Attn: Legal Data Subject Request
New Relic, Inc.
188 Spear Street
Suite 1000
San Francisco, CA 94105
New Relic appointed New Relic International Limited as its EU data protection representative, and the Irish Data Protection Commissioner is New Relic supervisory authority. You can contact New Relic EU Representative by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic EU Representative.
New Relic appointed New Relic UK Limited as its UK data protection representative, and the Information Commissioner’s Office is New Relic supervisory authority in the United Kingdom. You can contact New Relic UK Representative at:
Strand Bridge House
138-142 The Strand 
London, England WC2R 1HL
Or by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic UK Representative.
For any complaints regarding our compliance with our privacy and security practices including complaints under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, please contact New Relic first. New Relic will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding our privacy practices.
The data controller of your Personal Data for all countries that New Relic does business is New Relic, Inc., unless you have contracted directly with New Relic, K.K. in Japan, in which case New Relic, K.K. is the data controller.
*Updated on April 06, 2026 with additional information on uses and disclosures on personal data.