The Western Union Company, our subsidiaries, and affiliates (“Western Union” or “we” or “us”) care about your privacy and are committed to processing your personal information in accordance with fair information practices and applicable data protection laws to better serve you. For a list of local Western Union entities, please see the “WESTERN UNION LEGAL ENTITIES” section of this Global Privacy Statement
At Western Union, we are committed to making financial services accessible to people everywhere. This commitment to our customers includes doing the right thing with their personal information.
The purpose of our Global Privacy Statement is to explain how we collect, use, store, protect, disclose, and share your personal information when you use any of our services online through our website, in retail, and through our mobile apps, as well as to inform you of your choices about the way your information is collected and used.
When you use our money transfer, foreign exchange, or other financial services, such as our digital wallet or prepaid card; contact us; access or register an account on our websites or applications; or join our loyalty programs (collectively, the “Services”), we collect personal information about you and may use it along with other information collected or generated during our relationship with you. We collect different types of personal information relating to you, which may include:
Western Union collects your personal information in several ways, including:
We are committed to the security of your personal information. We use organizational, technical, and administrative safeguards that comply with applicable government laws and regulations to secure your personal information. We also endeavor to restrict access to the personal information that we process to only our employees, agents, and representatives that have a business need to know it. Despite our efforts, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access your personal information.
We use internet technologies like cookies, tags, and web beacons on our websites, in mobile applications, or when you visit a third-party website. We use these technologies for a variety of purposes, which are identified in the section titled “HOW WESTERN UNION USES THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT COLLECTS”.
For more information on how we use cookies please click the “Cookie Information” link in the footer of the applicable Western Union webpage. In certain regions we have implemented the capability for the user to manage cookies on our websites; where available, we will only read or write cookies based on your preference level.
We may use third parties to deliver personalized ads to you while you browse the Internet. You can generally opt out of receiving personalized ads from these third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA’s) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt out pages on the NAI and DAA websites.
Do Not Track (DNT) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third-parties. We do not respond to DNT signals, unless required by applicable law.
We use the personal information we collect for the following commercial purposes.:
We may use your personal information as explained elsewhere in this Statement for each of the following lawful bases:
Subject to your preferences, we will notify you of offers, promotions, and updates regarding our products and Services or other products and services that may be of interest to you. These may include offers by email, telephone, postal mail, SMS, social media, and other communication or digital channels.
You can opt out of receiving direct marketing communications at any time. f you no longer want to receive direct marketing-related communications from us, you may opt out of a channel(s) by following the instructions in the relevant electronic communication, by adjusting your settings in your digital bank or wallet account or app, or by contacting us as described in the “CONTACTING US” section.
Please note that if you opt out of receiving marketing-related communications from us, we may still send important service, administrative, or transaction-related communications to you.
We do not direct our Services or products towards children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect information from our website or mobile apps from persons under the age of 18.
Our websites may be linked to or from third party websites. We have not reviewed, do not control, and are not responsible for the content or privacy practices employed by websites that are linked to or from our websites. We do not assume responsibility for any of these sites, their content, or their privacy policies. We do not endorse third party websites or make any warranties about any information, software, or other products or materials you may find there, or any results that may be obtained from using them.
For any of the purposes listed in this Statement, we may disclose applicable personal information including, but not limited to, your name, contact information, national identification number and/or related documentation, customer ID number, address, transaction details and patterns, and bank account information to the following types of organizations or parties:
If you are a customer of a Service that allows for a public profile, you may choose to make your profile publicly visible. This may include sharing limited personal details such as name, photo of you, available currencies of your account, and the fact that you are a customer. Also, if you are a bank or wallet account customer, other bank or wallet account customers may also be able to search for you with your phone number as well as utilize a QR code you may provide in order to transact with you. We may transmit your personal information in connection with a sale or transfer of all or part of our business. We may also disclose your personal information globally, as required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations, to regulatory and financial authorities, credit reporting agencies, law enforcement bodies, courts, governments, or government agencies to meet compliance and legal obligations or to assert or defend the rights and interests of Western Union or others.
We transfer your personal information to parties in countries outside the country in which it was collected, including but not limited to the USA, as permitted or required by applicable law, regulatory authorities, law enforcement, and government agencies. Additionally, when you send or receive money to or from another country, we will also be required to share some of your personal information with that country as required or permitted by law. We transfer certain personal information about you to our data centers located in the USA or within a region as required by local law and process it to fulfil our legal and compliance obligations which apply to our Services.. By using the Services, you acknowledge that such transfers of information outside of your country of residence may occur.
Personal information transferred outside the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland to countries that the European Commission or UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) have not found to provide adequate protection will be protected by appropriate Standard Contractual Clauses or other EU or UK –approved mechanisms, as required by law.
Your personal information will be retained in accordance with statutory periods contained in regulations applicable to financial transactions and accounts including those in anti-money laundering, anti-terrorist financing and other laws applicable to us. Otherwise, we will retain your information only if necessary for the specific purposes for which it was collected, or to resolve any query you may raise. We subscribe to data minimization principles and strive to retain information for no longer than necessary for the purpose(s) for which it was obtained.
| Right | Description | How to exercise | 
| Right to know and access | You have the right to know if we are processing your personal information and to ask us for a copy of your information free of charge. You have the right to request a structured and machine-readable copy of certain information you have provided to us. | If you use our Services online or via mobile app, you may log into your account at any time to access your statements, transactional information, and certain personal information. To exercise these rights, please visit http://www.westernunion.com/datasubjectrights or contact Western Union through the section titled “CONTACTING US”. | 
| Right to stop marketing communications | You have the right to stop us from sending you marketing communications. | If you are a registered user of westernunion.com as a digital money transfer consumer, you may also visit westernunion.com and edit your profile settings to change your marketing communications and third-party data sharing preferences. To exercise these rights, please visit http://www.westernunion.com/datasubjectrights or contact Western Union through the section titled “CONTACTING US”. | 
| Right to correction | You have the right to ask us to correct information about you that is incomplete, inaccurate or out-of-date. | To exercise these rights, please visit http://www.westernunion.com/datasubjectrights%20or contact Western Union through the section titled “CONTACTING US”. | 
| Right to deletion, restriction, and objection | You have the right to ask us to delete certain information about you, to restrict certain uses of information relating to you, and to object to certain uses of it. | To exercise these rights, please visit http://www.westernunion.com/datasubjectrights or contact Western Union through the section titled “CONTACTING US”. | 
| Right to withdraw consent | To the extent we are processing personal information based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent as permitted by applicable law. | To exercise these rights, please visit http://www.westernunion.com/datasubjectrights or contact Western Union through the section titled “CONTACTING US”. | 
| Right to lodge a complaint | You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a relevant data protection regulator or supervisory authority about our processing of personal information. | To exercise these rights, please contact Western Union through the section titled “CONTACTING US”. | 
Additional rights may also be available in various jurisdictions under local laws. These will be accessible via the means provided above.
| Entity | Contact Information / Address | 
| Western Union Financial Services (Australia) PTY. LTD. | Level 7 400 George Street Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia | 
| Western Union International Bank GmbH (Austria)1 | The ICON Vienna: Turm 24, 11th Floor, Wiedner Gürtel 13, 1100 Vienna, Austria | 
| Western Union Retail Services Belgium | Place Louise 6, 1060 Saint-Gilles, Belgium, Belgium | 
| Western Union Financial Services (Canada), Inc. | 925 Marine Dr, North Vancouver, V7P 1S2 Canada | 
| Western Union Network (Canada) Company | Suite 900, 1959 Upper Water Street, Halifax, NS, Canada B3J 3N2 | 
| Western Union Payment Services GB Limited3 | Third Floor, Offices Manning House, 22 Carlisle Place, London SW1P 1JA 
 | 
| Western Union Payment Services Ireland Ltd (Ireland)2 | The Loft, Level 2 Dundrum Town Centre Sandyford Road, Dundrum, Dublin 16 D16 F2K1 | 
| Western Union International Limited (Ireland) | The Loft, Level 2 Dundrum Town Centre Sandyford Road, Dundrum, Dublin 16 D16 F2K1 | 
| Western Union Network (Ireland) Limited | The Loft, Level 2 Dundrum Town Centre Sandyford Road, Dundrum, Dublin 16 D16 F2K1 | 
| Western Union Japan KK | Metro City Kamiyacho 7f, 1-5, Toranomon 5-Chome, Minato-Ku Tokyo, Japan | 
| Western Union Payments (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd | 16th Floor, Wisma Sime Darby, Jalan Raja Laut, 50350 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia | 
| Western Union MT East (Russia) | 16A Bldg, Leningradskoe shosse 125171, Moscow, Russia | 
| Western Union (Switzerland) LLC, Dover (Delaware/USA) Zweigniederlassung Zürich1,4 | Werdstrasse 2, Postfach 2063, 8021 Zürich, Switzerland | 
| Western Union Turkey Ӧdeme Hizmetleri A.Ş. (Turkey) | Maslak Mahallesi Ahi Evran Cad. No: 21 Polaris Plaza K:5 34398 Sarıyer, Istanbul, Turkey | 
| Western Union Financial Services, Inc. (USA) | 7001 E Belleview Avenue, Denver, CO | 
| Grupo Dinámico Empresarial S.A. de C.V., Servicios de Apoyo GDE SA de CV, Operaciones Internacionales OV S.A. de C.V. and Servicio Integral de Envíos, S.A. de C.V. | Av. Paseo de la Reforma No. 505, piso 17, Colonia Cuauhtémoc, Delegación Cuauhtémoc, C.P. 06500, Ciudad de México | 
| Western Union Chile SpA | Vitacura 2939, Piso 8, Las Condes, City of Santiago de Chile, Chile | 
| Western Union Financial Services Argentina S.R.L. | Montevideo 825, (1019) City of Buenos Aires, Argentina | 
| Servicio Electrónico de Pago S.A. | Montevideo 825, (1019) City of Buenos Aires, Argentina | 
| Global Collection Services S.A. | Montevideo 825, (1019) City of Buenos Aires, Argentina | 
| Red Global S.A. | Montevideo 825, (1019) City of Buenos Aires, Argentina | 
| Western Union Money Exchange SA | c/Princesa, 5, 4 planta 28.008 – Madrid (España) | 
| 1Data controller for Digital Services as described in this Statement in Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Faroe Islands, Finland, France, Germany, Greenland, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia (Slovak Republic), Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom 2 Data controller for in-person retail services in Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Faroe Islands, Finland, France, Germany, Greenland, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia (Slovak Republic), Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, United Kingdom 3 Data controller for Services as described in this Statement, including digital and in-person retail services, in the United Kingdom. 4 Data controller for in-person retail services in Switzerland. | |
If you have a question or complaint about how we handle your personal information, we ask that you put your inquiry in writing. We will investigate your inquiry and generally respond to you in writing within 30 days of receipt. You can also contact us, including our Data Protection Officer, at wuprivacy@westernunion.com.
For inquiries not related to this Privacy Statement, please visit our “Contact Us” page to find the appropriate contact information for your region.
We may modify this Global Privacy Statement from time to time, and updated privacy statements will be posted on this Website when amendments occur. We encourage you to review this Global Privacy Statement when you visit to obtain the most current statement.
| FACTS | WHAT DOES WESTERN UNION DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? | 
| Why? | Financial companies choose how they share your personal information, whether you send money, receive money, or we otherwise collect information about you. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. 
 | 
| What? | The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you use with us. This information can include, without limitation: · Government identification numbers, such as driver’s license, state identification, passport, visa, Social Security, or tax identification · Name, address, email address, mobile and home telephone number, age, date of birth, gender, citizenship, occupation, and marital status · Account balances, transaction and payment history, loyalty program information, wire transfer instructions, credit information, debit and other bank account information · Computer and mobile device information, such as domain, IP address, location information, device properties, settings, applications, stored information and usage, carrier information, browser information and history, operating system, social profile and network information, date and time you access our website or applications, and cookie information You consent to our collection, transfer, and storage of information by computers or other transfer or storage devices in the United States and elsewhere. | 
| How? | All financial companies need to share customers’ and consumers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ and consumers’ personal information, the reasons Western Union chooses to share, and whether you can limit this sharing. 
 | 
| Reasons we can share your personal information | Does Western Union share? | Can you limit this sharing? | 
| For our everyday business purposes such as to process your transactions; manage our consumer relationships; provide requested products and services; maintain your account(s), if applicable; respond to court orders and legal investigations; report to credit bureaus; gather information about website and application access; usage and performance; enhance your consumer experience; validate your creditworthiness or your identity; provide in connection with a merger, acquisition or sale of the company or any of its assets; make risk decisions; detect and prevent fraud and other illegal activity; or as otherwise permitted by law | Yes | No | 
| For our marketing purposes such as to offer our products and services to you or notify you about future events and promotions | Yes | Yes | 
| For joint marketing with other financial companies | Yes | No | 
| For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes such as information about your transactions and experiences | Yes | No | 
| For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes such as information about your creditworthiness | Yes | Yes | 
| For our affiliates to market to you | Yes | Yes | 
| For nonaffiliates to market to you | No | We do not share | 
| To limit our sharing | · Call 1-800-562-2598 — Our menu will prompt you through your choices. · For registered users, visit us online: www.westernunion.com, log into your profile and edit your profile settings. · Email wuprivacy@westernunion.com · Submit a Data Privacy Request Form at https://wuprod.service-now.com/wu_privacy Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we can continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing. | 
| Questions? | Call 1-800-562-2598 or go to www.westernunion.com and click on the “Contact Us” link at the bottom of the page. | 
| Who we are | |
| Who is providing this notice? | Western Union Financial Services, Inc., Western Union International Services, LLC. | 
| What we do | |
| How does Western Union protect my personal information? | To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We also endeavor to limit access to personal information only to employees, Agents and representatives that need to know. | 
| How does Western Union collect my personal information? | We collect your personal information, for example, when you: · Send or receive money, tell us who receives the money, tell us where to send the money, complete a payment, or use or request other products or services from us or other financial companies · Use your credit or debit card or pay us by check · Register with us or submit information to us, our Agents or other third parties on applications, forms, and by other means · Give us your contact information · Show your government issued ID or driver’s license · Use or visit our or other online sites or mobile applications · Enter a promotion, register for email alerts or marketing communications, or join a loyalty program We also collect your personal information from companies, government agencies, and consumer reporting agencies. | 
| Why can’t I limit all sharing? | Federal law gives you the right to limit only: · Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness · Affiliates from using your information to market to you · Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law. | 
| What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else? | Western Union does not provide individual or joint accounts. | 
| Definitions | |
| Affiliates | Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. Our affiliates include companies with a Western Union or Custom House name and financial companies such as Western Union Financial Services, Inc. | 
| Nonaffiliates | Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. 
 
 | 
| Joint marketing | A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. 
 Our joint marketing partners may include banks, credit card companies, brokerage houses, mortgage lenders, mortgage originators, and other financial companies. | 
| Other important information | 
| VERMONT, CALIFORNIA, AND NORTH DAKOTA CONSUMERS Western Union will disclose information about consumers with a Vermont, California, or North Dakota mailing address only with your written authorization (“consent”), unless otherwise permitted or required by law. Written authorizations from Vermont consumers may be delivered to us at the email or mailing address below and must contain your name, address, signature and your consent. You may revoke your consent at any time by calling us at 1-800-562-2598, or by writing or emailing us at the addresses below. California consumers should contact us at the mailing address below for instructions on how to deliver their consent. Email: wuprivacy@westernunion.com Western Union Financial Services, Inc. Western Union Privacy Office 7001 East Belleview Avenue Denver, CO 80237 
 
 | 
| TEXAS CONSUMERS If you have a complaint, first contact the consumer assistance division of Western Union Financial Services, Inc. at 1-800-562-2598. If you still have an unresolved complaint regarding the company’s money transmission or currency exchange activity, please direct your complaint to: Texas Department of Banking, 2601 North Lamar Boulevard, Austin, Texas 78705,1-877-276-5554 (toll free), www.dob.texas.gov. 
 | 
| NEVADA CONSUMERS If you prefer not to receive marketing calls, you may be placed on our internal opt-out list by calling us at 1-800562-2598 or you may also contact the Nevada Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Ste 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; telephone 702-486-3132; | 
| CHILDREN’S PRIVACY Our website is not directed at children under the age of 13. | 
We care about the privacy of our Californian consumers and are committed to collecting, using, storing, protecting, disclosing and sharing your personal information in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). This California Resident Addendum to the Global Privacy Statement (“Addendum”) is applicable to residents of California and, in conjunction with the Global Privacy Statement, is intended to address the requirements of the CCPA.
When you use our Services, we collect personal information about you as permitted by applicable laws and regulations (including but not limited to the Graham Leach Bliley Act). The Categories of Personal Information described below are subject to the CCPA. For more information about the personal information that may have been collected about you, please follow this link to the Global Privacy Statement. In the event of a conflict between the information in this Addendum and that described in the Global Privacy Statement, the information in the Global Privacy Statement shall prevail.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
In the 12 months prior to the effective date of the Global Privacy Statement, Western Union may have collected the below Categories of Personal Information from the indicated Categories of Sources; this information may have been shared with the described Categories of Third Parties for the specified Business Purposes. Categories of Sources, Categories of Third Parties, Commercial Purposes and Business Purposes are further defined in the Global Privacy Statement and below.
| Categories of Personal Information | Categories of Sources | Business and Commercial Purposes | Categories of Third Parties | 
| Identifiers: contact information provided for example your name, postal address, e-mail address, and telephone number; date of birth provided; social profile and network information; IP address; device identifier; mobile ad identifier; cookies; beacons; and pixel tags. | ·   You · Our Website · Affiliates, Subsidiaries or Vendors · Mobile Applications | ·   Auditing · Security Purposes · Performing the Services · Quality Purposes · Authentication · Analytics · Web Traffic Analysis · Advertising · Analysis of Promotions · Safety | ·   Government entities · Professional services organizations · Advertising and social networks · Data analytics providers · Our affiliates and subsidiaries | 
| Internet and Other Electronic Network Activity Information: including the host from which you access the Internet, information about your device (such as device properties, settings, applications, storage and usage information), mobile application, browser and operating system software, the date and time you access our websites and the address of the site from which you linked to our website when you visit us. | ·   Your Use of Our Website · Affiliates, Subsidiaries or Vendors · Your Use of Mobile Applications · Social Media Networks or Publicly Available Sources · Advertising Networks | ·   Auditing · Security Purposes · Debugging · Short Term Use · Performing the Services · Internal R&D · Quality Purposes · Authentication · Analytics · Web Traffic Analysis · Advertising · Analysis of Promotions · Safety | ·   Government entities · Professional services organizations · Advertising and social networks · Internet service providers · Data analytics providers · Operating systems and platforms · Our affiliates and subsidiaries | 
| Geolocation Data: may be collected from your devices only if enabled | · Your Use of Mobile Applications | ·   Auditing · Security Purposes · Short-term use · Internal R&D · Quality Purposes · Safety | ·   Advertising and social networks · Data analytics providers · Operating systems and platforms | 
Categories of Sources: in the 12 months prior to the effective date of the Global Privacy Statement, Western Union may have collected Personal Information about you from the following Categories of Sources:
Business Purposes: in the 12 months prior to the effective date of the Global Privacy Statement, Western Union may have shared your Personal Information for the following Business Purposes:
Categories of Third Parties: in the 12 months prior to the effective date of the Global Privacy Statement, Western Union may have shared your Personal Information with the following Categories of Third Parties:
SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Western Union does not sell your personal information to third parties in exchange for money. Western Union does participate in advertising, marketing and analytic programs from which we and third parties with whom we contract may derive value; such exchanges may constitute a “sale” under applicable law. While participating in the above programs, in the 12 months prior to the effective date of the Global Privacy Statement, Western Union may have “sold” your personal information to a third party including:
CALIFORNIA RESIDENT RIGHTS
California residents have the right to request that their personal information not be sold to third parties. To exercise your right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, please follow this link [http://www.westernunion.com/datasubjectrights] or submit a personal information request as described above in the section of our Global Privacy Statement entitled “ACCESSING, DELETING AND CORRECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND CHANGING YOUR CHOICES”.
In addition, if you are a California resident, you may have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, the categories of personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months and, for each category of personal information, the following information:
You also may have the right to request the deletion of the personal information we have collected from you. Once you have confirmed you are a California resident, you may submit a personal information request in accordance with the Global Privacy Statement section entitled “ACCESSING, DELETING AND CORRECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND CHANGING YOUR CHOICES” twice in any 12-month period. Upon receiving a request, Western Union will confirm receipt of the request within 10 days and will provide information on how we will verify your identity and process your request. We will then respond to the request within 45 days.
Western Union cannot connect individual consumers to passive website visits, which may affect our ability to respond to certain requests. Western Union has implemented the capability for you to manage cookies on our websites and will only read or write cookies based on your preference level. When you visit our website, you will be presented with a banner instructing you how to manage your preferences.
You may also designate an authorized agent to make a personal information request on your behalf. If you choose to designate an agent, you may be required to provide the authorized agent with written permission to make your request and verify your own identity directly with us. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
You have the right not to be discriminated against because you exercise any right described in the Global Privacy Statement or this Addendum.
If you have previously transacted with Western Union, you have rights separate from those described above which are explained here.
CONTACT
Contact for More Information: for questions or concerns about our Global Privacy Statement and privacy practices, please contact us as specified in the “Contacting Us” section of the Global Privacy Statement.
CCPA REPORT METRICS
The following summary provides California residents’ data request volumes for calendar year 2024:
Data requests received: 209
Data Request complied with in whole or in part: 166
Data Requests Denied or Closed:
Average time (days) to respond:
Western Union® Rewards Program (“Rewards”), our loyalty program, is one way in which Western Union endeavors to reward and thank loyal customers for patronizing our business and utilizing Western Union services. Rewards members opt in by signing up for Rewards at participating retail locations, online or through the Western Union App, and are able to earn and accumulate Rewards points with each completed money transfer that can be redeemed for discounted transfer fees on money transfers. If you would like to become a Western Union Rewards member, please see the Western Union Rewards Program Terms and Conditions for more information and/or click here to sign up.
Western Union collects and uses the categories of personal information described in the “PERSONAL INFORMATION WESTERN UNION COLLECTS,” “HOW WESTERN UNION COLLECTS PERSONAL INFORMATION,” and “HOW WESTERN UNION USES THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT COLLECTS” sections of our Global Privacy Statement, including information you voluntarily provide us (such as your name and email), information we collect automatically, and information from other sources to operate the Rewards loyalty program, including to provide you promotions, content, and special offers and the other uses described in the Global Privacy Statement. We work with service providers and business partners to offer benefits for our Rewards loyalty program. Those partners may fall into the following categories: vendor partners, Western Union agents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and/or service providers and business partners. You can learn about the business partners with whom we share your information by referring to the “WHO WESTERN UNION SHARES YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH” section of the Global Privacy Statement.
Based on our reasonable and good faith estimate, we receive value from the Western Union® Rewards Program in increased customer loyalty and patronage, though any value will vary by Rewards member depending on the number of money transfers completed, which offers and discounts a member takes advantage of, and other factors.
Western Union does not assign monetary value for the information we collect through the Rewards loyalty program when sending email communications. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails at any time by adjusting your Western Union online account settings, or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included within any promotional emails we send you, though you will still receive service messages related to your Rewards account. Participation in Rewards is voluntary, and you may withdraw from the Rewards loyalty program by visiting the account or settings section in the Western Union App or your online profile, by requesting deletion of your information by filling out this form, or by contacting Western Union Customer Service. Please note that by withdrawing from Rewards, you will no longer have access to your Rewards account, but you can otherwise continue to use Western Union digital and retail platforms. All points and rewards you have earned until the time of withdrawal will no longer be available. As previously shared, to communicate and provide services to you through the Rewards loyalty program, we need to use your personal information. Therefore, if you choose to delete your personal information from the Rewards loyalty program, or if you choose to exercise a general deletion request, we can no longer provide you with services and benefits through this Rewards loyalty program.
Should a Rewards member choose to opt-out of the share of their personal information, no loss of benefits for use of rewards points will occur for the Rewards program member for as long as they remain a member of the Rewards program. Opting out of the share of personal information may result in receiving fewer personalized offers and services, including any offers from third party partners participating in the Rewards program.
If you are a California or Colorado resident and opted out of our “share” of your personal information before you joined Rewards, you will need to opt out again once you are a member, if you do not wish for Western Union to “share” personal information. To do so, click here or contact Western Union Customer Service.
We care about the privacy of our users in Mexico and are committed to collecting, using, storing, protecting, disclosing and sharing your personal information in accordance with Mexico’s Federal Act on the Protection of Personal Data held by Private Parties (Ley Federal de Protección de Datos Personales en Posesión de Particulares) (the “Law”). This Addendum to the Western Union Global Privacy Statement for Users in Mexico (“Addendum”) is applicable to users in Mexico and, in conjunction with the Global Privacy Statement, is intended to address the requirements of Mexico’s Federal Act on the Protection of Personal Data held by Private Parties. Within Mexico, the applicable Western Union data controllers are Grupo Dinámico Empresarial S.A. de C.V., Operaciones Internacionales OV S.A. de C.V. and Servicio Integral de Envíos, S.A. de C.V. (collectively, the “Responsible Parties”) with legal address at Av. Paseo de la Reforma No. 505, piso 17, Colonia Cuauhtémoc, Delegación Cuauhtémoc, C.P. 06500, Mexico City.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?
See Section PERSONAL INFORMATION WESTERN UNION COLLECTS in Global Privacy Statement for more information.
In addition to the personal data referred in the Global Privacy Statement, we also inform you that at the moment you decide to hire the Western Union Money Transfer Service through our mobile application, the Responsible Party will also collect and process your biometric data, which refer to your physical and physiological characteristics, such as your face for facial recognition and fingerprints. Said biometric data, together with the photograph of their official identification and electronic signature, will be sent by the Responsible Party to the competent authorities in Mexico for their respective validation.
With the validation of your biometric information and the official identification presented, the Responsible Party complies with the obligation to know and verify the identity of you as a sender of a money transfer in Mexico, in accordance with the regulation that is applicable as Money Transmitter.
HOW WESTERN UNION PROCESSES YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We process your personal information for the following Primary Purposes:
We also process your personal information for the following non-essential, Secondary Purposes:
The Responsible Parties will not collect or use your sensitive personal information while we provide our Services to you without your consent.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH?
See Sections WHO WESTERN UNION SHARES YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH and INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION in the Global Privacy Statement for more information.
HOW CAN YOU LIMIT THE USE OR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
See Section ACCESSING, DELETING AND CORRECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND CHANGING YOUR CHOICES in the Global Privacy Statement for more information.
Additionally, if you do not agree that your Personal Data and/or the Personal Information Generated be used for purposes other than those that are necessary for the legal relationship between the Responsible Parties and You, we would be grateful if you could inform in writing to the Personal Data Department of the Responsible Parties located at Avenida Paseo de la Reforma number 505, piso 17, Col. Cuauhtémoc, Alcaldía Cuauhtémoc, C.P. 06500, Mexico City or by e-mail wuprivacy@westernunion.com (the “Address”). In the event that the Global Privacy Statement and this Addendum has not been delivered to you directly or personally, you will have 5 (five) business days from the date it is made known to you, so that, if applicable, you may express your refusal to the management for the processing of your Personal Data with respect to the purposes that are not necessary nor did they give rise to the legal relationship with the Responsible Parties.
In the event that you wish to limit or suspend the processing of your Personal Data for use for advertising or promotional purposes, you may also register in the Public Registry to Avoid Advertising (REPEP) of the Federal Consumer Protection Agency (PROFECO) through its website https://repep.profeco.gob.mx
USE OF COOKIES, WEB BEACONS, AND INTERNET TECHNOLOGIES
See Section INTERNET TECHNOLOGIES in the Global Privacy Statement for more information.
EXERCISING YOUR ARCO RIGHTS
As owner of the personal information, you may at any moment exercise your rights to access, rectify, cancel and/or oppose the processing of your personal information (the “ARCO Rights”) as well as to revoke your consent regarding the processing of any personal information which violates the terms of the Global Privacy Statement and this Addendum, via a written request to our Data Privacy Department at wuprivacy@westernunion.com, insofar as the requested opposition and/or revocation poses no harm to third parties’ rights and in accordance with article 34 of the Law.
Your request must include: i) the name of the owner of the personal information, ii) an address whereby the request may be answered, iii) official documents that establish the identity of the data owner, or, where applicable, proof of legal representation of the Personal Data’s owner, and iv) a clear and precise description of the personal information for which you wish to exercise your ARCO rights.
Requests for rectification of personal information must include the modifications which you wish to be made and evidence to support such petition; requests regarding the revocation of your consent must communicate in a clear manner that you wish to revoke your consent regarding the processing of certain personal information, and where applicable, the reasons for such revocation.
Upon receipt of your request, we shall have a term of 20 (twenty) business days to inform you of the relevant solution, with such solution being effective as of 15 (fifteen) business days following the date on which such resolution was informed to you in writing or via e-mail. The aforementioned terms may be extended once, insofar as proper justification for the extension is given.
MODIFICATIONS TO THIS ADDENDUM
See Section CHANGES in Global Privacy Statement for more information.
PERSONAL DATA TREATMENT CONSENT
You, as the owner of the Personal Data, declare having read and agree to the terms and conditions provided of the Global Privacy Statement and this Addendum that is available for you, knowing the purpose of the collection and treatment of your Personal Data, as well as the procedure to exercise your ARCO rights and the revocation of your consent.
I consent and authorize that my Personal Data, including biometric data, be collected and processed by Responsible Parties and third parties detailed in Section WHO WESTERN UNION SHARES YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH of Global Privacy Statement, in accordance with the provisions of the Global Privacy Statement and this Addendum.
The National Institute for Transparency, Access to Information, and Personal Data Protection (INAI) is the competent authority to resolve any conflicts arising from the application of the Federal Law on the Protection of Personal Data in Possession of Private Parties and its Regulations.
Your Personal Data will be treated in compliance with the safeguard levels required by Law.
We value and respect the privacy of Personal Data Holders who are in Brazil, and are committed to the Treatment of their Personal Data in accordance with the General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”) and other applicable Brazilian laws and regulations. This Addendum to Western Union’s Global Privacy Statement for Holders who are in Brazil (“Addendum”) is applicable to Holders residing in Brazil and other Holders who may be in the country at the time of Personal Data collection (collectively, “Brazilian Holders”), and, together with the Global Privacy Statement, aims to provide transparency on the main information related to the Treatment of your Personal Data. In the event of a conflict between the information in this Addendum and that described in the Global Privacy Statement, the information in the Global Privacy Statement shall prevail.
In Brazil, the Western Union entities responsible for the Treatment (the Controllers of Personal Data) are: Western Union Corretora de Câmbio SA, a closed corporation, headquartered at Rua Iguatemi, 151, 9th floor, set 91, São Paulo / SP, CEP 01451-011, registered with CNPJ / ME under nº 13.728.156 / 0001-35; and Banco Western Union do Brasil SA, a closed corporation, headquartered at Rua Iguatemi, nº 151, 7th floor, set 72, São Paulo / SP, CEP 01451-011, registered with CNPJ / ME under nº 13.720.915 / 0001-13.
PERSONAL DATA WESTERN UNION COLLECTS
For Brazilian Holders, the same Personal Data described above is collected, except for the following:
HOW WESTERN UNION COLLECTS PERSONAL DATA
In addition to the ways described above, Western Union may still collect your Personal Data at the following points:
Judicial or extrajudicial notifications received electronically or by mail.
HOW WESTERN UNION PROTECTS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
In addition to reasonable organizational, technical and administrative protections that comply with applicable governmental laws and regulations in order to protect your Personal Data, we also take institutional measures with the same intent, so that we have a Privacy and Data Protection Governance Program Personal Data applied to our activities, constantly reviewed and updated.
Access to the information collected is restricted to employees and authorized persons and only when strictly necessary.
HOW WESTERN UNION USES PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
Western Union uses the personal information it collects to:
When Western Union carries out Personal Data Treatments based on a legitimate interest, this will always occur within the limits of your expectations, and never to the detriment of your fundamental interests, rights and freedoms.
It is important to note that, despite being informed in the Global Privacy Statement above, Western Union does not collect consent in the Treatment of Personal Data under the scope of this Addendum, using other legal bases provided for in the applicable legislation, except as described in the item INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN’S PERSONAL DATA.
Also, note that not necessarily all of the purposes described here will apply to all customers. This will depend on the product / service actually hired. To learn more about the purposes that apply to you, enter into a contract with our Supervisor through the channels indicated in the “HOW TO CONTACT” section of this Declaration.
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN’S PERSONAL DATA
Please see the section “INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN” in the Global Privacy Statement.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS AND HOW TO EXERCISE THEM
According to Brazilian law, you can exercise the following rights with respect to your Personal Data:
a) Confirm the existence of the Treatment by Western Union or by any group company;
To exercise this right, access our Request Portal, and after identifying yourself (Customer, Agent or Employee) click on “Access to Data”, also informing us in the “Request Description” that you intend to exercise the right to confirm the existence of Treatment.
b) Request access to Personal Data processed by Western Union or any company in the group;
To exercise this right, access our Application Portal, and, after identifying yourself (Customer, Agent or Employee) click on “Access to Data”, also informing us in the “Request Description” that you intend to exercise the right to access the data.
c) Correct, update and / or complete your Personal Data;
To exercise this right, access our Request Portal, and, after identifying yourself (Customer, Agent or Employee) click on “Data Correction”, also informing us in the “Request Description” which Data you want rectify.
d) Request the anonymization, blocking or elimination of unnecessary, excessive or illegally processed data;
To exercise this right, access our Application Portal, and after identifying yourself (Customer, Agent or Employee) click on “Restrict Processing” or on “Data Delete” and also inform us in the “Request Description” , because we are treating the data in an unnecessary, excessive or illicit way.
To exercise this right, access our Requests Portal, and, after identifying yourself (Customer, Agent or Employee) click on “Marketing Deactivation”, if applicable, or on “General Privacy Inquiry” and also inform us on the “Application Description”, which is the activity whose consent you intend to revoke.
To exercise this right, access our Application Portal, and after identifying yourself (Customer, Agent or Employee) click on “Data Portability”.
To exercise this right, access our Application Portal, and, after identifying yourself (Customer, Agent or Employee) click on “Access to Data”, also informing us in the “Request Description” that you intend to obtain information about who your data is shared by Western Union.
To exercise this right, access our Request Portal, and after identifying yourself (Customer, Agent or Employee) click on “Deactivation (automated decision making/profile creation”, also informing us of the automated decision object of the review request.
Registered users can also access the website https://www.westernunion.com/br/pt/home.html and edit their Profile settings.
You also have the right to file a complaint with the National Data Protection Authority or another body described in the LGPD (such as those for consumer protection).
When we receive a request, we may ask for additional information from you to confirm your identity. In some situations, we may refuse to act or we may impose limitations on your rights as permitted by applicable law, and we will explain the reasons that justified the failure to comply with your request, such as requests involving Personal Data and / or documents from other Owners.
To exercise such rights, access http://www.westernunion.com/datasubjectrights or contact Western Union through the section entitled “HOW TO CONTACT US”. We will endeavor to respond to your request immediately, if required, or within 15 days. Depending on the complexity of your request, we may extend this period to serve you accordingly.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or complaints about how we treat your Personal Data, we ask that you register your request in writing. We will review your query and will usually respond in writing within 15 days of receipt. You can also contact us, including our Person in Charge of the Processing of Personal Data:
Western Union’s Data Protection Officer
email: wuprivacy@westernunion.com
To contact us via a toll-free or local phone number, click this link to Talk to WU Customer Service: https://www.westernunion.com/br/pt/contact-us.html.
For consumers resident in Japan, notwithstanding any other provisions contained in this Global Privacy Statement, we will treat your Japanese Personal Identification Number (“My Number”) and its supporting documents in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations as described in this section. In the event of a conflict between the information in this Addendum and that described in the Global Privacy Statement, the information in the Global Privacy Statement shall prevail.
We collect your My Number and supporting documents designated by us solely for the purpose of confirming your My Number as required by and in compliance with the Act on Submission of Statement of Overseas Wire Transfers for Purpose of Securing Proper Domestic Taxation of Japan (Act No. 110 of 1997, as amended).